Content updates round 2 (#3396)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/radio-button-group/index.mdx

## Composition notes

> Radio Button Group labels should be no more than 3 words to prevent the group from becoming too large. Use sentence case for each option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio Button Group labels should be 1-3 words to prevent the group from becoming too large. Use sentence case for each option.
```
